README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Project Name

> Personal Portfolio project

[Live url](https://acedavon.github.io/Portfolio-project/)

## Built With

- HTML/CSS
- NPM, Git, Github

## Getting Started

**This project includes linters for Reporting errors in HTML, CSS and An open-source, automated tool for improving the quality of web pages, which has audits for performance, accessibility, progressive web apps, SEO and more. It is a summary of all my works and known technologies**

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

1. Node package Manager(NPM)
   - To install NPM on your local machine, please visit [ NPM official website](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)

- Text editor(Vscode, Atom, NotePad++, Sublime)

### Setup

Set up folder as:

/Portfolio-project
-.github/workflows - linters.yml

- Package.json
- index.html
- /CSS
  - style.css
- /img
  -/icons
  - angellist.svg
  - circle 2 header.svg
  - down-arrow.svg
  - email.png
  - github.svg
  - hamburger.svg
  - linkedIn.svg
  - medium.svg
  - twitter.svg
  - vector.svg
  - work.svg
    shapes.png
- .stylelintrc.json
- .hintrc

### Install

Run the following commands to install dependencies

```

npm install --save-dev hint@7.x
npm install --save-dev stylelint@13.x stylelint-scss@3.x stylelint-config-standard@21.x stylelint-csstree-validator@1.x

```

### Usage

```

npx hint .
npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"

```

### Deployment

## Authors

👤 **Onate Makoji David**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/aceDavon)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/Sharkleshevon)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/david-makoji-b6090971)

## 🤝 Contributing

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/KebebewAbabu)
- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/DebbyMiressa)

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Add deploy message to README.md

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Project Name

> Personal Portfolio project

[Live url](https://acedavon.github.io/Portfolio-project/)

## Built With

- HTML/CSS
- NPM, Git, Github

## Getting Started

**This project includes linters for Reporting errors in HTML, CSS and An open-source, automated tool for improving the quality of web pages, which has audits for performance, accessibility, progressive web apps, SEO and more. It is a summary of all my works and known technologies**

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites

1. Node package Manager(NPM)
   - To install NPM on your local machine, please visit [ NPM official website](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)

- Text editor(Vscode, Atom, NotePad++, Sublime)

### Setup

Set up folder as:

/Portfolio-project
-.github/workflows - linters.yml

- Package.json
- index.html
- /CSS
  - style.css
- /img
  -/icons
  - angellist.svg
  - circle 2 header.svg
  - down-arrow.svg
  - email.png
  - github.svg
  - hamburger.svg
  - linkedIn.svg
  - medium.svg
  - twitter.svg
  - vector.svg
  - work.svg
    shapes.png
- .stylelintrc.json
- .hintrc

### Install

Run the following commands to install dependencies

```

npm install --save-dev hint@7.x
npm install --save-dev stylelint@13.x stylelint-scss@3.x stylelint-config-standard@21.x stylelint-csstree-validator@1.x

```

### Usage

```

npx hint .
npx stylelint "**/*.{css,scss}"

```

### Deployment
Deploy the project with github pages from settings on the repo, select the main branch of the project and save.

## Authors

👤 **Onate Makoji David**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/aceDavon)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/Sharkleshevon)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/david-makoji-b6090971)

## 🤝 Contributing

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/KebebewAbabu)
- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/DebbyMiressa)

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
